Documentation for Server (#885)
zio/zio-http: docs/website/docs/v1.x/dsl/server/index.md

> # Running HTTP Server and serving requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ZIO HTTP Server
```

> This section describes, how to build an HttpApp, a collection of "routes", and then how it is bound to a "port" to serve HTTP requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes, ZIO HTTP Server and different configurations you can provide while creating the Server
```

> ## Building and running a simple Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Start a ZIO HTTP Server with default configurations
```

> - First, the usual imports
> ```scala
> import zhttp.http._
> import zhttp.service.Server
> import zio._
> ```
> - Build an HttpApp with a set of routes
> ```scala
>   val app: HttpApp[Any, Nothing] = Http.collect[Request] {
>     case Method.GET -> !! / "text" => Response.text("Hello World!")
>     case Method.GET -> !! / "json" => Response.json("""{"greetings": "Hello World!"}""")
>   }
> ```
> - As a convenience, Zio provides an `App` trait with the main function of the application which returns `URIO[ZEnv, ExitCode]`. Directly use `Server.start` specifying a port and mount the app to start the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```scala
  override def run(args: List[String]): URIO[zio.ZEnv, ExitCode] =
    Server.start(8090, app.silent).exitCode
```

> ## Building and running a Server in "forever" mode, with custom configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Start a ZIO HTTP Server with custom configurations.
```

> 1. Imports required by the advanced server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Imports required by the customised server. 
```
